Key Commands:

The application works with key codes only, in order to support a wide range of customizability.
The number is the actual key code that is bound. In paranthesis a description of the key is given for the standard 102 keys keyboard in U.K. layout.

On key down:

9 (ESCAPE), 24 (Q)
	Quits the application immediately.

26 (E)
	Selects the previous ship in the system or the last one if no ship was selected or deselects any ship if the first one was selected.
	Acts upon the input focus.

27 (R)
	Selects the next ship in the system or the first one if no ship was selected or deselects any ship if the last one was selected.
	Acts upon the input focus.

28 (T)
	Selects the next cargo in the system or the first one if no cargo was selected or deselects any cargo if the last one was selected.
	Acts upon the input focus.

32 (O)
	Selects the previous planet in the system or the last one if no planet was selected or deselects any planet if the first one was selected.
	Acts upon the input focus.

33 (P)
	Selects the next planet in the system or the first one if no planet was selected or deselects any planet if the last one was selected.
	Acts upon the input focus.

35 (CLOSING BRACKET)
	Moves the camera focus to the next ship or to the first one if the last ship was focused.
	Acts upon the camera focus.
39 (S)
	Selects the cargo that is nearest to the input focus, if no cargo is selected. Otherwise tries to scoop up the selected cargo. This requires very close proximity and very small relative velocity.
	Acts upon the input focus.

44 (J)
	Tries to initiate a hyperspace jump to the selected linked system. This requires a certain distance from the system center and enough fuel to perform the actual jump.
	Acts upon the input focus.

46 (L)
	Selects the planet that is nearest to the input focus, if no planet is selected. Otherwise tries to land on the selected planet. This requires small distance, small relative velocity and enough credits to afford the planet's landing fee.
	Acts upon the input focus.

54 (C)
	Jettisons all cargo.
	Acts upon the input focus.

57 (N)
	Selects the next linked system of the system or the first one if no linked system was selected or deselects any linked system if the last one was selected.
	Acts upon the input focus.

58 (M)
	Opens the map dialog.
	The map dialog works upon the player character.

59 (COMMA)
	Increases the time warp.

60 (PERIOD)
	Decreases the time warp.

65 (SPACE)
	Turns on firing mode of the controlled ship.
	Acts upon the input focus.

67 (F1)
	Dumps a savegame to standard out.
	Requires a player ship and a player character.

68 (F2)
	Dumps an object report to standard out.

97 (HOME)
	Returns the camera to offset (0, 0) above the camera focus or the system center if no object is focused.

98 (ARROW UP)
	Turns on thrusters of the controlled ship.
	Acts upon the input focus.

100 (ARROW LEFT)
	Turns the controlled ship to the left.
	Acts upon the input focus.

102 (ARROW RIGHT)
	Turns the controlled ship to the right.
	Acts upon the input focus.
